# Cartoonification-And-Emotion-Detection
In today’s world, which is influenced by social media, image sharing has become an integral part to mingle with different people across the world. People use social media for many purposes like, chatting, sharing of pictures, etc. There are numerous applications available, which are used extensively for image sharing like Instagram, Snapchat, etc. People are trying to find new innovative ways to represent themselves to rest of the world. Nevertheless, many people still feel insecure to share their original images, because we can see many cases, where images of individuals have been misused for faulty purposes.
So, we have come up with an innovative solution, where one can turn their own picture into an animated image, using Artificial Intelligence. The process of converting real-life high-quality pictures into practical cartoon scenes is known as cartoonization. Here, when image is given as an input to our software, by means of image processing, it is processed in the system. And then, an animated image is produced as an output to the given image. The white-box model is used in this, which gives more emphasis on human painting behaviours and cartoon images of different styles. The model decomposes images into three different cartoon representations, namely Surface Representation, Structure Representation and Textured Representation, which further counsel the network optimization to generate cartoonified images.
People can share these animated images, which removes privacy concerns. Also, people can represent themselves differently in a funnier way. Even during communication, one can use these images, instead of emoticons. Also, detecting the emotion of the person in the image would prove to be useful as the person need not update the status manually. The emotion detection algorithm would automatically perform facial recognition and detects the expression on the person’s face and conveys it to other people accordingly.
